---
title: Dr. Elizabeth M. Jaffee, PCP Chair
slug: /members/jaffee
---
<single-staff-member source="../images/dr._elizabeth_jaffee_headshot-squarecrop.jpg" name="Dr. Elizabeth M. Jaffee"></single-staff-member>

Dr. Elizabeth M. Jaffee is an internationally recognized expert in cancer immunology and pancreatic cancer. She is deputy director of the Sidney Kimmel Comprehensive Cancer Center at Johns Hopkins, codirector of the Skip Viragh Pancreatic Cancer Center, and associate director of the Bloomberg Kimmel Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy. Dr. Jaffee is a past president of the American Association for Cancer Research. She has served on a number of committees at the National Cancer Institute, including as cochair of the Cancer Moonshot Blue Ribbon Panel and as past chair of the National Cancer Advisory Board. Her research is focused on understanding the inflammatory responses that are associated with cancer development and progression in preclinical and clinical models, and development of immunotherapies to treat specific inflammatory signals. She is the inaugural director of the new Convergence Institute at Johns Hopkins and was recently elected to the National Academy of Medicine. Dr. Jaffee is a fellow of the Academy of Immuno-Oncology, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the American Association of Cancer Research, and the American College of Physicians. She received her undergraduate degree from Brandeis University and her medical degree from New York Medical College and completed her residency at Presbyterian-University Hospital.
